Miss Xu, don't worry.
A boss will clear your name.
This video is fake.
Is it fake is it true or false
Just take a look and you'll know
Queen's Gate
I was wrong, I shouldn't have moved your hands to kidnap Xu Shiren
You shouldn't disfigure him
I was wrong, I will definitely serve you well in the future.
Please let me go.
No, you're wrong.
Do you know who you are?
What a big deal did you call me?
Let me tell you something.
The company has to move forward
Uh-huh.
That's not true.
It was Xu Shiyang who hurt me
Xu Shiyang, you ruined me
I won't let you go.
I Am Who I Am
Definitely not at this age
Miss Xu, what do you mean?
A man without me in his heart
How could it be possible to deal with him for me?